Hello Everyone,

I have produced a working beta which has much of the functionality of
the original TreeView, with some additional features. I have installed
it on Botlab 6, and I encourage you to try it out. Email me back with
any comments. I am committed to world domination with this program,
and no detail is too small.

HOWTO:

There are three ways you can use the java treeview on botlab 6 to look
at your expression data. You can ftp the files from your unix account,
cluster them on the web and download directly to botlab 6, or simply
mount your mac in the chooser and open the .cdt file over the network.

The user interface should be fairly intuitive. There are three menus
across the top,

	-File: Open new data file or quit application

	-Preferences: Change the appearance of current file
(e.g. pixels, font, contast.) also, save preferences.

	-Analysis: Find out some stats on your data, or find genes

Some of the user interface components behave differently than the
original. Either I think the new behavior is better, or the default
behavior of the java components is different from the delphi. Please
let me know if there are differences which you particularly like or
dislike.

INSTALLATION:

Q: I don't like botlab6. How can I get Java TreeView running on my
Mac/Windows/UNIX box?

A: I haven't packaged the application in a slick way yet. Such
packaging is likely to be platform-specific and tedious. Some
platform-specific installation instructions, as well as the code and
compiled application, can be found at

http://genome-www.stanford.edu/~alok/TreeView/index.html

NEW FEATURES:

- In addition to having fixed numbers of pixels per gene, Java
TreeView can scale the image so that it exactly fills the display
window. This option is under Preferences->[Global/Zoom] Pixels...

- You may select from all available fonts in addition to changing font
sizes. this is available under Preferences->[Gene/Array] Font...

- There is a slider for contrast settings, which is great fun for the
kids. Preferences->Contrast...

- Enhanced Find window, which produces a selectable list of all
matches. The list stays around until you close the window, and you can
open multiple find windows. Analysis->Find...

- Status panel and Hints panel display relevant information depending
upon where the mouse is. The Status panel displays

	- correlation of selected node, if mouse over gene or array tree
	- number of genes/arrays selected, if mouse over global view
	- measured ratio from cluster file, if mouse over zoom

MISSING FEATURES:

- saving of images
- No live links to the web
- anything else?

FEATURE WISH LIST:

See website. please feel free to email suggestions. I want to make
this as useful as possible. Some suggestions may be incorporated into
other, related projects (e.g. PlaidView) if they are beyond the scope
of TreeView.

BACKGROUND:

I have been working on a complete rewrite of TreeView in java. The
purpose of this rewrite is twofold; first, to provide a maintainable,
cross-platform version of TreeView, and second, to provide an Object
Oriented Application Framework (see * when I return it) for further
development of gene expression visualization tools.


* Object-oriented application frameworks / Ted Lewis ... [et al.].
MATH-CS LIBRARY QA76.64 .O243 1995 1 STACKS due: 20-Aug-2001