Document Review Meeting Guidelines
Version 1.2
Prepared by: Robert Leach

PURPOSE: The purpose of the document review meeting is only to present perceived
         issues with the document(s) being reviewed and to ensure that the
         issues are understood by the developer.

REFERENCES:
[1] document_review_form.txt version 1.3

MEETING RULES

The following rules will be followed in the document review meeting:

1. It is not the purpose of the meeting to determine validity of issues
   presented by reviewers, thus issues are presented as-is without debate/
   discussion.
2. The developer may address feedback as they see fit after the meeting via
   document changes and a subsequent commit/merge request.
3. A reviewer may only ask a question to the developer for clarification of
   document content that they do not understand.  Issues arising from that
   understanding are addressed in the next document review meeting if
   necessary.
4. It's the CM Leader's responsibility to maintain the scope and pace of the
   meeting given the guidelines of this document using the following mechanisms:
	A. Beyond Meeting Scope - If interactions between meeting members strays
	   beyond the inspector conveying issues found during their review, or a
	   clarification of document content, the CM Leader may declare the
	   topic "beyond meeting scope" and either direct the reviewer to
	   advance to the next issue or re-orient the discussion back toward the
	   identification of the reviewer's interpretation of defects and ensure
	   that the defect pointed out is understood by the developer.
	B. Beyond Document Scope - If the CM Leader determines that the
	   discussion of an issue has gone beyond the scope or intent of the
	   document (e.g. relates to over-arching project design, principles, or
	   coding conventions), the CM Leader may declare the topic "beyond
	   meeting scope" and either direct the reviewer to advance to the next
	   issue or re-orient the discussion back toward the identification of
	   the reviewer's interpretation of defects and ensure that the defect
	   pointed out is understood by the developer.
	C. Time - If the CM Leader determines that a discussion, while
	   productive, may be more effectively/efficiently addressed outside of
	   the meeting, he/she may suggest that the topic be discussed after the
	   meeting and direct the reviewer to advance to the next issue.

BEFORE THE MEETING

Each reviewer reviews changes independently.  When an issue is found, the
reviewer fills out a the document review form found in
document_review_form.txt[1].  If no major or higher issues are found, no meeting
is necessary.  If medium issues are found that the CCB Librarian deems worth
discussion, the CCB Librarian may elect to have a meeting even when no major
issues were found.  Independent reviews must be completed 2 days ahead of the
meeting.  A reviewer may request more time for their independent review and the
CCB Librarian may or may not reschedule the meeting at his/her discretion.  A
minimum of 2 independent reviews however must be completed for a document review
meeting to happen.  If the meeting proceeds and a reviewer has not completed
their review, their opportunity to add issues lapses 2 days before the meeting
date in order to give the developer an opportunity to document a response.  The
developer may resolve issues or respond to issues before the meeting.

MEETING STRUCTURE

In turn, each issue marked as major or higher severity is stated aloud.  The
developer is given the opportunity to ask for clarifications of the nature of
any issue or its suggested change.  The developer may respond to reviewers'
issues that are marked as questions to clarify document elements.  Note, the
purpose of all review meeting discussions is not to determine *how* to resolve
an issue, but rather to define what an issue is.  The meeting ends once all
major and higher severity issues have been disicussed.

ISSUE RESOLUTION

Issue resolution is entirely at the discretion of the developer and takes place
after the meeting.  An issue may be addressed by either by implementing a
change, or by providing evidence or reasoning as to why an issue should not be
addressed).  Changes may be made either on the branch submitted in the pull
request (if the changes are small) or in a separate spawned branch and
subsequent additional pull request in order to reduce redundant reviews of
changes.  The developer, on his/her own time, makes document edits to address
(or not address) issues brought up in the document review meeting as they see
fit.  The developer then resubmits his/her commit/merge request, whereupon
the CCB Librarian may either immediately accept (but not reject) the changes (of
any severity level) or initiate another document review meeting with the CM
Leader.  An issue reporter and the developer must agree that the issue has been
adequately addressed before the merge may proceed.  Agreement is indicated
by approval of a Pull Request.  Disagreement may be settled by a simple majority
vote.